[NO SQUASH] Inventory: Fix order of callbacks when swapping items (#12595)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

    * Is not created automatically, use `InvRef:set_size`
    * Is only used to enhance the empty hand's tool capabilities

> ItemStack transation order
> --------------------------
> 
> This list assumes non-empty ItemStacks in both slots (swapping).
> Put/take callbacks about empty ItemStack are not executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ItemStack transaction order
---------------------------

This list describes the situation for non-empty ItemStacks in both slots (swap operation).
Put/take callbacks on empty ItemStack are not executed.
```
